JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL),
Presidential Candidate:
He's trying to do to the
American voter what
he did to the people that signed
up for this
course. He's making promises he
has no intention
of keeping.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Republican
presidential front-runner
Donald Trump gets hit hard for
Trump University
and more at last night's
Republican debate.
Then, a dangerous trend: What
happens when
the only hospital in a remote
town is shut
down?
BILL CHAVIS, Georgia: And the
whole time,
I'm driving to town with the
palms of my hands,
where I burnt my hands. I said,
where do I
go? Where do I go?
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it's Friday.
Mark Shields
and David Brooks are here to
analyze the week's
news.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The fur kept
flying today,
in the raucous Republican
presidential race.
Donald Trump and his rivals were
back on the
road hours after their debate in
Detroit.
SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX),
Presidential Candidate:
So how many of you all watched
the debate
last night?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. TED CRUZ: We had some
fireworks on stage.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL),
Presidential Candidate:
I'm not here to attack anyone.
We did plenty
of that last night, I suppose.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
When I'm on a debate stage and,
I have all
these people throwing things at
me, you have
got to fight back.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Fallout from the
GOP's full-on
civil war still in the air at
today's campaign
events. The rhetoric last night
ranged from
personal slights.
CHRIS WALLACE, Host, "FOX News
Sunday": I
have a policy question for you,
sir.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: Let's see if
he answers
it.
DONALD TRUMP: I will. Don't
worry about it,
Marco. Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about
it, little Marco. I will.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: All right,
well, let's hear
it, big Donald.
JUDY WOODRUFF: To downright
vulgarity.
DONALD TRUMP: Look at those
hands. Are they
small hands?
(LAUGHTER)
DONALD TRUMP: And he referred to
my hands,
if they are small, something
else must be
small. I guarantee you there is
no problem.
I guarantee you.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Donald Trump was
the overwhelming
focus, with rivals Ted Cruz and
Marco Rubio
on a furious mission to slow his
march to
the nomination.
At times, they tag-teamed, as on
the Trump
University real estate seminars,
now the subject
of lawsuits claiming fraud.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: He's trying to
con people
into giving him their vote, just
like he conned
these people.
SEN. TED CRUZ: And if we
nominate Donald,
we're going to spend the spring,
the fall
and the summer with the
Republican nominee
facing a fraud trial...
DONALD TRUMP: Oh, stop it.
SEN. TED CRUZ: ... with Hillary
Clinton saying...
DONALD TRUMP: It's just a minor
case. It's
a minor case.
SEN. TED CRUZ: ... why did you
give my campaign
and my foundation $100,000?
DONALD TRUMP: It's a minor civil
case.
JUDY WOODRUFF: FOX News
moderators Chris Wallace,
Megyn Kelly and Bret Baier also
pushed Trump
on his changes of position, and
on the math
behind his proposals.
CHRIS WALLACE: You say that
Medicare could
save $300 billion a year
negotiating lower
drug prices. But Medicare total
only spends
$78 billion a year on drugs.
Sir, that's the facts. You are
talking about
saving more money on Medicare
prescription
drugs...
DONALD TRUMP: I'm saying saving
through negotiation
throughout the economy, you will
save $300
billion a year.
CHRIS WALLACE: But that doesn't
really cut
the federal deficit.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And through it
all, Ohio Governor
John Kasich strove again to stay
above the
fray.
GOV. JOHN KASICH (R-OH),
Presidential Candidate:
I have never tried to go and get
into these
scrums that we're seeing here on
the stage.
And people say everywhere I go,
you seem to
be the adult on the stage.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the end,
though, all four
candidates pledged to support
the GOP nominee,
whomever that turns out to be.
Today, Kasich and Cruz just
outside Washington
to address CPAC, the annual
meeting of conservative
activists.
JOHN KASICH: Bringing people
together works.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Rubio is
scheduled to speak
there tomorrow. But Trump
announced he's skipping
his appearance to campaign in
Kansas instead.
Republicans have contests there
on Saturday,
and in Kentucky, Louisiana and
Maine.
As for the Democrats, Senator
Bernie Sanders
Edwardsville, Illinois, again
slammed Hillary
Clinton on trade policy.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
Secretary Clinton supported
NAFTA. She supported
permanent normal trade relations
with China.
Those agreements have cost us
millions of
jobs as a nation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Detroit today,
Clinton fired
back.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
When it comes to trade deals,
here's my standard.
I won't support any agreement
unless it helps
create good jobs, at higher
wages for American
workers and protects our
national security.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The two Democrats
have their
contests tomorrow in Kansas,
Louisiana and
Nebraska.
And late today, Republican
presidential candidate
Dr. Ben Carson made it official:
He suspended
his campaign.
We will return to the
presidential race, with
Mark Shields and David Brooks,
later in the
program.
In the day's other news: The
U.S. economy
has turned in another strong
month, despite
a global economic slowdown. The
Labor Department
reported that U.S. employers
added 242,000
jobs in February, led by the
retail, restaurant
and health care sectors. The
unemployment
rate held steady at 4.9 percent,
as more people
started looking for work.
At the White House, President
Obama met with
his economic advisers and said
the numbers
prove his detractors wrong.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
There seems to be an alternative
reality out
there from the -- some of the
political folks
that America is down in the
dumps. It's not.
America is pretty darn great
right now, and
making strides right now, and
small businesses
and large businesses alike are
hiring right
now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Continued low
unemployment
may also open the door to the
Federal Reserve
raising interest rates again in
June.
Slowing growth in China is
taking a bite out
of military spending. Beijing
announced today
that its defense budget will
increase this
year by 7 to 8 percent. That is
the slowest
pace in six years. Since 2000,
China has mostly
hiked military spending by
double digits.
In Syria, rebel groups charged
today that
government forces are still
attacking just
a day after the U.N. voiced
optimism about
a week-old cease-fire. Activists
reported
warplanes hit a rebel-held town
near the capital,
Damascus, for the first time
since fighting
was supposed to stop. Syrian
peace talks are
due to resume in Geneva next
Wednesday.
A court in Turkey has sentenced
two Syrian
smugglers to four years in
prison in the death
of a 3-year-old boy. The child's
body washed
up on a beach last September,
and the images
sparked international outrage.
Today, the
court in Ankara convicted the
two men on smuggling
charges, but it found them not
guilty of causing
the boy's death. The defense
blamed his father,
who has since returned to Syria.
Back in this country, a flurry
in the O.J.
Simpson murder case more than 20
years after
he was acquitted. Los Angeles
police confirmed
today that they're investigating
a knife purportedly
found at the site of Simpson's
former home.
They say someone spotted the
knife apparently
when the home was torn down in
the late '90s
and gave it to a now-retired
police officer.
But he failed to turn it in
until recently.
CAPT. ANDREW NEIMAN, Los Angeles
Police Department:
I don't know what the
circumstances are, why
that didn't happen, or if that's
entirely
accurate, or if this whole story
is possibly
bogus from the get-go, involving
a variety
of people. So, we're looking
into that. But
I was quite shocked.
JUDY WOODRUFF: NBC News reported
later that
the knife is inconsistent with
other evidence,
and it is likely that double
jeopardy would
bar another murder trial for
Simpson, regardless.
He was acquitted in 1995 of
stabbing to death
his ex-wife, Nicole, and her
friend Ron Goldman.
He is now serving prison time in
Nevada for
armed robbery and kidnapping in
a separate
case.
And today's positive jobs
numbers helped pushed
Wall Street higher to finish out
the week
with modest gains. The Dow Jones
industrial
average was up nearly 63 points
to close back
above 17000. The Nasdaq rose
nine points,
and the S&P 500 added six. For
the week, the
Dow was up 2 percent. The Nasdaq
and the S&P
increased well over 2.5 percent.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
Brazil in
dire straits, the Zika virus,
corruption,
and Olympic woes; European
leaders' tough
message for economic migrants;
the cost of
closing hospitals in rural
America; and much
more.
The nation of Brazil was already
reeling from
economic woes and the onset of
the Zika virus,
when, this morning, a popular
former president
was detained in a wide-ranging
corruption
probe.
We go to Hari Sreenivasan for
more.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Luiz Inacio
Lula da Silva
was the wildly popular president
of Brazil
from 2003 to 2010.
But this morning, Lula, as he's
known, was
brought to a police station in
Sao Paulo for
questioning by officials, while
a large crowd
of his supporters formed
outside. Lula was
questioned as part of a major
political corruption
scandal involving the country's
gigantic state
oil company, Petrobras.
All this comes as the country
faces the threat
from the Zika virus, a damaging
recession
and hosting duties for the
Summer Olympics.
I'm joined from Rio by Simon
Romero of The
New York Times.
So, just to get our audience up
to speed,
what's this investigation all
about?
SIMON ROMERO, The New York
Times: Well, it's
a sprawling inquiry into the
bribery and kickbacks
that took place around
Petrobras, which is
company of incredible importance
to the Brazilian
economy.
It made Brazil's huge offshore
oil discoveries
about a decade ago and really
contributed
to Brazil's rise as a developing
world powerhouse,
but it turns out that
politicians and executives
at huge construction companies
and contractors
were looting the company for
years, creating
this vast scheme of hundreds of
millions of
dollars of bribes.
And now it's engulfing one of
the country's
most towering political figures,
who is Lula.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Is it the
quantity of money
being that was pushed off the
books? Because,
unfortunately, corruption is a
reality in
lots of parts of the world.
Brazil is not
immune to it before. So why is
this one such
a big deal?
SIMON ROMERO: In some cases,
yes, it does
have to do with the quantity of
money. One
executive at Petrobras, a
relatively obscure,
mid-level manager, managed to
take almost
$100 million in bribes himself,
and he's had
to give back almost all of that
money as part
of a plea deal.
So, the amounts involved are
just astonishing.
So, even in a country like
Brazil, which had
been hardened in a sense to
stories of corruption
throughout various levels of
government, the
Petrobras scandal has just been
astonishing
for many people.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Put this in
economic context
for us. What's happening to the
economy now
and why are people paying more
attention to
this scandal?
SIMON ROMERO: Well, the memories
of Brazil's
incredible boom of the previous
decade, when,
you know, the country really
emerged on the
global stage and won its bids to
host the
Olympic Games and the World Cup,
are really
a thing of the past.
The figures which were released
just this
week show that the economy
shrank 3.8 percent
in 2015. That's the worst
economic plunge
in 25 years, and some economists
are claiming
that it's going to be the worst
and most severe
recession in the country in
nearly a century.
So it's just a huge dilemma that
the country's
leaders are now facing, and in
part it's one
of their own making. You know,
they put into
motion these policies which are
creating the
crisis they're experiencing
today.
HARI SREENIVASAN: This is also
happening at
a time when everyone around the
world is concerned
for Brazil because of the Zika
virus.
SIMON ROMERO: That's right.
The epidemic around the virus is
yet another
blow to Brazil at a very
delicate time for
the country. It's been spreading
very quickly
throughout Northeast Brazil, a
poverty-stricken
region, and now you're finding
more and more
cases of birth defects which are
linked to
Zika here in the big cities, in
the southeast,
more industrialized part of the
country here
in Rio and Sao Paulo.
HARI SREENIVASAN: That's also
having a ripple
effect on the Olympic Games,
which are going
to start in a few months. There
are Olympic
teams around the world wondering
whether or
not that they should bring their
athletes
to Brazil, and ticket sales are
down a lot
more than they were projected.
SIMON ROMERO: It's been yet
another disappointment
in Brazil's preparations for the
Games.
They're already dealing with a
polluted bay
here in Rio where the sailing
competition
will take place, and Zika is
presenting a
dilemma to the athletes who are
going to compete
in Rio and to many of the fans
who are going
to consider coming.
The CDC in the United States
just issued a
warning advising pregnant women
about coming
to Rio at this time, so the
risks are very
clear to a lot of people.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Simon Romero
of The New
York Times joining us from Rio
via Skype,
thanks so much.
SIMON ROMERO: Thank you for
having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We turn now to
the refugee
crisis overwhelming Europe.
New border restrictions have
left more than
10,000 migrants stranded at the
crossing between
Greece and Macedonia. Food and
supplies are
running low, and conditions
worsened with
an overnight downpour.
The backup also stretches south,
to Athens,
where hundreds spent another day
in an open
square. European Union and
Turkish leaders
will discuss the crisis at a
summit on Monday.
I'm joined now by David
O'Sullivan. He's the
E.U.'s ambassador to the United
States.
Mr. Ambassador, welcome back to
the program.
DAVID O'SULLIVAN, European Union
Ambassador
to the United States: Thank you
very much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: From where we sit
in the United
States, this migrant crisis
looks like it's
gone from a disaster to a
catastrophe. How
do you see it?
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: Well, this is
the greatest
refugee crisis we have faced
since the Second
World War. And, of course, it's
a global crisis,
not just a crisis facing Europe.
The neighboring countries of
Syria have suffered
hugely, large numbers of
migrants in Lebanon,
Jordan and, of course, Turkey.
And, of course,
the European Union has seen an
unprecedented
increase in the number of
refugees and asylum
seekers, 1.25 million last year
alone, which
is double from the previous
year.
And this has certainly put our
systems and
our structures under strain. I
think there
has been a huge outpouring of
compassion and
good will by European citizens,
but the fact
is our systems are straining
under the pressure
of the outflows. And we have
been struggling
over the last few weeks to find
a comprehensive
solution.
President Tusk has been touring
the region
of the Balkans.
JUDY WOODRUFF: He's the head of
the European
Council.
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: President of
the European
Council.
And he has been touring in the
Balkans and
meeting, as you just ISIS , with
the Turkish
leaders. And he has just issued
a letter ahead
of the very important meeting
which will take
place on Monday, which is not
only with Turkey,
but also a further meeting of
the European
Council, indicating that he
thinks there is
a growing consensus emerging as
to how we
can find a comprehensive
solution to this
humanitarian tragedy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And how would
that work?
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: Well, it's a
solution which
necessarily has many parts.
First of all, of course, we have
to try and
solve the problem in Syria,
which is at the
origin of this. We have had the
cessation
of hostilities. We're very
grateful for what
the United States in particular
is doing in
trying to broker a political
settlement in
Syria.
We need to assist the
neighboring countries,
Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey.
We're the largest
donor of humanitarian assistance
to those
countries. And we have just
reached a new
agreement to give Turkey an
additional three
billion euro in order to
facilitate their
management of the refugees
within Turkey.
In addition, we're hoping that
Turkey will
limit the outflow of migrants
across the Aegean
into Greece, because Greece is,
as you have
said, clearly facing
unprecedented numbers
and straining to cope.
And we are working to help
Greece and the
other front-line states better
to manage the
situation. We have just agreed
additional
funds for humanitarian purposes
within the
European Union, which is an
unprecedented
step.
And, of course, we are also
looking at relocating
refugees and asylum-seekers from
the front-line
states to other parts of the
European Union
in order better to distribute
the burden of
looking after these people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But as country
after country
is either closing or severely
tightening their
borders, doesn't that make it
much harder
to find a solution here?
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: Well, I think
we are seeing
the closure of a number of
frontiers or greater
restrictions, but the fact is,
we have managed
to set up now reception centers
in Greece,
in Italy.
We are starting the process of
relocating
people from those centers into
other parts
of the European Union. We hope
that these
closures or these restrictions
at frontiers
are temporary and that they will
in due course
be removed once we get the
situation more
under control.
We will, of course, need to
tighten our controls
at the external frontier, not to
close them,
not to turn away refugees...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: ... but just
to make sure
that the reception of refugees
takes place
in a more orderly and structured
way.
And, of course, we will have to
address the
issue of economic migrants, who
will probably
not be accepted as refugees, and
who will
then have to return to the
countries from
which they came in due course.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What proportion
of these migrants
we're watching stranded at the
border are
people who are genuinely fleeing
a war zone?
And how many or what percentage
or, as you
describe them, are looking for
better economic
opportunity, and they come
from...
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: Difficult to
have very precise
numbers, but I would say the
majority are
indeed people fleeing from
conflict, whether
in Syria or in other parts of
the world.
But there is also a substantial
minority who
clearly are trying to make their
way to Europe,
for understandable reasons of
trying to make
a better life, but not
necessarily fleeing
from a conflict, and they would
probably not
qualify under international law
for refugee
status or asylum.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is this -- we
heard President
Francois Hollande of France say
a couple of
weeks that this crisis threatens
to break
up the European Union. Do you
think it's that
close to dissolving this
organization, this
European Union?
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: I don't think
the European
Union is going to dissolve
anytime soon.
It's a very robust commitment of
European
people to the integration we
have achieved
to the single currency, to the
economic interests
and political values which bind
us together.
But it is true, this crisis is
creating strains
and stresses between our member
states. And
we have to absolutely find a way
better to
manage the crisis in order avoid
that these
strains become too severe.
That's what we hope will happen
at the meeting
Monday. It's a tedious process.
We have 28
sovereign member states. We have
the Western
Balkans with Turkey trying to
get a coordinated
response through these different
interests.
Does take time, and sometimes
decision-making
in Europe can be slow.
But I do believe that we are
slowly moving
towards a new phase in the
crisis, where we
will be able much better to
manage it from
Monday on.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David O'Sullivan,
the European
Union ambassador to the United
States, thank
you very much for being with us.
DAVID O'SULLIVAN: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
Mark Shields
and David Brooks on the fierce
fight for the
Republican nomination; a New
York Times film
critic explains why criticism
boosts creativity;
and the man visiting all 59
national parks
in 59 weeks.
But, first, rural communities
around the country
have experienced a wave of
hospital closures
in the last five years, with
hundreds more
on shaky financial footing.
For many small towns, it all
adds up to hard
times that may soon get harder.
Sarah Varney has our report from
Georgia.
The story was produced in
collaboration with
our partner Kaiser Health News.
SYBIL AMMONS, Stewart County,
Georgia, Coroner:
It's just sad. And the hospital,
oh, my goodness.
SARAH VARNEY: Sybil Ammons is a
fixture in
the town of Lumpkin, Georgia,
population 1,500.
For years, she was the director
of nursing
at the county's only hospital in
nearby Richland.
Now she's the county coroner.
SYBIL AMMONS: Our people built
this hospital,
our ancestors. The hospital,
when I ride by
there, it just breaks my heart,
because my
mama worked over there before I
did. My sister
was born over there.
It's just so sad, so sad.
SARAH VARNEY: The hospital
closed in 2013.
Since then, Ammons can count off
the local
residents she thinks have been
harmed or died
because they couldn't reach
medical care quickly
enough.
SYBIL AMMONS: We have had a
stroke, several
heart attacks, several cardiac
problems. We
have had traumas out on the
four-lane. I would
say at least 10 to 15 people
have had bad
outcomes from the hospital
closing.
SARAH VARNEY: Two hundred miles
away in Folkston,
Georgia, near the Okefenokee
Swamp, Pam Renshaw
had to bypass her town's closed
hospital when
she needed it most. After a day
of yard work,
Renshaw overturned her
four-wheeler, spilling
into a fire pit used to burn
trash.
Her then-boyfriend, Billy
Chavis, pulled her
from the fire and patted down
the flames on
her body with his bare hands.
PAM RENSHAW, Georgia: Whenever I
got in the
truck, my whole -- everything
right here just
fell in my lap. And I just
pulled it back
up, and I'm like, oh, my gosh.
It's bad, isn't
it?
BILL CHAVIS, Georgia: And I
said, yes, we
got to get you to a doctor. And
I seriously
thought we was going to lose
her. And the
whole time, I'm driving to town
with the palms
of my hands, where I burnt my
hands. I said,
where do I go? Where do I go?
SARAH VARNEY: The hospital had
closed just
months before Renshaw's
accident, leaving
Chavis scrambling. He first
tried the EMT
office. When he didn't find
anyone, he ran
to the police station and a
dispatcher summoned
an ambulance.
Renshaw was airlifted to a
hospital in Gainesville,
Florida, 100 miles away. It was
an hour-and-a-half
before doctors tended to her.
PAM RENSHAW: It burnt like 45
percent of my
body, the whole arm all the way
across my
stomach, and down the left leg
to my knee.
SARAH VARNEY: Renshaw was in a
medically-induced
coma for three months and spent
nearly eight
months in the hospital. Her body
remains terribly
scarred.
Dangerous industrial jobs drive
the economy
in Folkston, and Renshaw's
accident spooked
this small town of 5,000. Local
leaders are
still trying to reopen the
hospital.
More than 50 rural hospitals
across the country
have closed since 2010, and
hundreds more
are in fragile financial
condition. It's a
trend hastened by declining
revenues and a
restructuring of the health care
industry
that rewards scale and
connectivity, difficult
goals for hospitals that are
small and remote.
As rural hospitals have closed
here in Georgia,
hundreds of people have lost
their jobs. And
many small towns have been left
reeling.
In Glenwood, Georgia, the
hospital has been
abandoned for more than a year.
Inside, antiquated
security cameras flicker between
images of
empty hallways and still-made
beds. In the
hospital laboratory, it's as if
the workers
simply got up one day and left.
Unplugged
refrigerators still hold vials
of blood.
There are signs of decay
outside, too. After
the hospital closed, the bank
and the town's
only restaurant quickly followed
suit. Next
may be the nursing home.
YOLANDA JEFFERSON, Georgia: We
have a 50-bed
facility, and we have 35
residents. That's
a threat to us. That's very
detrimental. If
we go any lower, we might have
to close. We
can't -- because we can't meet
our financial
standards. We can't meet the
financial obligations.
SARAH VARNEY: The hospital was
the town's
largest employer, and the loss
of more than
100 jobs was yet another blow to
a rural community
accustomed to hardship.
G.M. JOINER, Mayor of Glenwood,
Georgia: This
through the years has been a
hair salon, styling-type
shop, tanning beds and that kind
of stuff.
And, of course, it's vacant now.
SARAH VARNEY: G.M. Joiner has
been Glenwood's
mayor for three decades. His
father was the
mayor before him. Joiner says
without the
traffic from hospital workers
and visitors,
local businesses are barely
hanging on. The
owner of the local grocery
store, D.K. Patel,
says sales have plummeted.
D.K. PATEL, Business Owner: Yes.
After the
hospital closed, we dropped
about 30 percent
sales. It's been hurting a lot.
All I can
say is, it's been hurting a lot.
G.M. JOINER: Obviously, it was
our lifeblood,
mainstay. It's not
overemphasizing or trying
to be a doomsday prophet, but
it's devastating.
It's devastating.
SARAH VARNEY: Across the
country, rural hospitals
have struggled to adapt to a
steady decline
in rural populations and to a
new reality.
A series of budget control
measures passed
by Congress cut Medicare
payments. Further,
19 states have not expanded
Medicaid under
the Affordable Care Act, also
known as Obamacare.
That's left many rural hospitals
with unpaid
bills just as federal subsidies
for the uninsured
are scheduled to taper off. For
many patients
in these small towns, the price
has been steep.
Sue and Joe Connell of Glenwood,
age 75 and
77, now must drive two hours
round-trip to
their doctors' appointments.
There are no
physicians practicing anywhere
in their county.
Joe Connell has a blood disorder
and other
medical problems that keep him
and his wife
on the road almost daily.
JOE CONNELL, Georgia: I'm seeing
about four
different doctors in Dublin. And
some trips,
like this week, we're making
three trips to
Dublin; 90 percent of the miles
put on our
cars is going to the doctor in
Dublin. It
costs us. It costs a bunch of
money.
SARAH VARNEY: The pace of the
closures has
only escalated in recent years,
and the National
Rural Health Association says
more than 280
hospitals with 700,000 patient
visits are
at risk of shutting down.
Chuck Adams travels the state
meeting local
health care leaders. He's the
executive vice
president of the Georgia
Hospital Association.
CHUCK ADAMS, Executive Vice
President, Georgia
Hospital Association: Towns like
Glenwood
have always had a hospital. When
that hospital
closed, then these residents
immediately lost
access without an opportunity to
figure out
what that next access model was.
When you
have time to figure it out, I
think there
are some models out there that
could work.
SARAH VARNEY: While the closures
have disrupted
emergency care, reduced options
for pregnant
women and drained doctors from
some rural
communities, researchers have
found, on average,
that closing down a rural
hospital doesn't
increase the chances of death.
Indeed, a separate investigation
by The Wall
Street Journal found surgeries
at many rural
hospitals carried a greater risk
of complications.
And for some emergencies,
patients can receive
better quality care at larger
hospitals that
treat more cases.
Alan Kent is CEO of Meadows
Regional Medical
Center, a bustling, modern
hospital in Vidalia,
Georgia, that has taken in
patients from neighboring
towns like Glenwood.
He says, while rural residents
need access
to primary and urgent care, not
every town
can sustain a hospital, with
costly medical
equipment and a roster of
specialists.
ALAN KENT, CEO, Meadows Regional
Medical Center:
There has to be sort of a
critical mass to
be able to make any business
viable, and especially
a community hospital.
We have to be more efficient in
hospitals
if we are going to be
sustainable. And I think
that's one of the things that
you're seeing
that's driving the consolidation
in the industry.
SARAH VARNEY: Back in Glenwood,
Joe and Sue
Connell sit on their front porch
watching
the traffic leave town. They
worry that, someday
soon, they, too, may need to
leave for good.
JOE CONNELL: I got where I can't
drive. And
I don't know what we're going to
do when she
gets where she can't drive.
SARAH VARNEY: For the "PBS
NewsHour" and Kaiser
Health News, I'm Sarah Varney in
Glenwood,
Georgia.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the coming
days, we will
look at a hospital in rural
Texas that turned
similar challenges into
opportunity, and,
in the process, became one of
the top hospitals
in the nation.
Tensions over GOP front-runner
Donald Trump
are playing out at the
Conservative Political
Action Conference, CPAC.
Although his campaign canceled
the scheduled
appearance he had at the annual
conservative
gathering, he's top of mind for
conference
attendees.
REP. TODD ROKITA (R), Indiana:
What I'm seeing
so far is that people around the
country are
speaking. They're sending a
message. And,
as an elected official, I need
to listen.
And that's what I intend to do.
That has nothing
to do -- that doesn't mean I'm
not going to
vote for Trump. If he's our
nominee, that's
who I will vote for.
JAY TURLEY, Cruz Supporter: I'm
thinking never
Trump. I want somebody who's
conservative
and that will get government out
of the individual
people and let us have our
liberty.
REP. ROGER WILLIAMS (R), Texas:
The opposition
is -- it's no choice, you see?
So it shouldn't
be never somebody. It should be
somebody that's
a conservative that runs on the
conservative
ticket.
ALEX ROSS, Cruz Supporter: You
will notice
that he does very well in open
primaries,
as opposed to closed primaries.
Among Republicans,
he's not really that popular and
loses when
it's just Republicans, but among
Democrats
who can come over and vote,
well, he wins
by a lot.
MAN: I will not vote for Donald
Trump if he's
the nominee. This year, I was
actually excited.
I was looking at Scott Walker. I
was looking
at a number of different
candidates. If Donald
Trump wins, I don't believe he
will be very
good at all. I just disagree
with many of
his policies and his often
boorish behavior.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And that brings
us to the analysis
of Shields and Brooks. That's
syndicated columnist
Mark Shields, and New York Times
columnist
David Brooks, who's joining us
today from
Santa Barbara, California.
And we welcome you both,
gentlemen.
So, the CPAC conference, that
was going on
today. It will continue through
the weekend,
but let's start with last night.
David, what do we make of what
happened in
Detroit?
DAVID BROOKS: Embarrassing,
demoralizing.
I have been in Waco, Texas, and
out here this
week, and I have seen so many
Republicans
depressed.
I'm used to seeing moderate
Republicans say
they don't recognize their
party. But now
I have heard a lot of
conservative Republicans
say they don't recognize their
party., first
the tone and temper of the
debate, the things
Donald Trump chose to speak
about, and then
just the nasty back and forth
and the shallow
name-calling.
It was, I think, a demoralizing
debate, and
for a lot of Republicans,
possibly the worst
outcome you could get, with
Trump marching,
but everybody else sort of
hanging around,
and a lot of internecine warfare
over the
future of the party, if there is
one.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Demoralizing,
Mark?
MARK SHIELDS: Judy, what strikes
me about
these debate is the name of
Ronald Reagan
is constantly invoked by just
about everybody.
And Lou Cannon, who was a
peerless political
reporter, Ronald Reagan's
biographer, for
more than a quarter of a century
covered him,
said of Ronald Reagan, anybody
-- a crowd
heard Ronald Reagan, they felt
good about
them and they ended up feeling
better about
themselves.
There is no way that anybody who
is not a
fierce partisan or blind
partisan of one of
the candidates could watch last
night and
feel better about themselves or
their country.
When the front-runner for the
Republican nomination
to succeed to the office that
has been graced
by Washington and Lincoln and
FDR publicly
boasts about the dimensions of
his private
parts, you have reached a new
low.
I mean, it is dispiriting. It's
beyond partisanship.
It's just discouraging as a
citizen, and I
don't know what we do, other
than tune out
to this. I know we can't, but I
just don't
think you should encourage it by
listening
to this stuff.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David, does this
hurt Donald
Trump, does it hurt all the
candidates? Who
is affected, who is damaged by
this, or is
anybody?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, we will see.
You know, I think we will see
whether -- I
think ultimately the debate
helped him because
the candidates said they'd
support him in
the end. One of the things we
have noticed
this whole campaign is, Donald
Trump just
has more courage. Whatever you
might think
of him -- and I don't think much
of him, but
he has more courage than his
opponents.
And for his opponents to say
he's a scam artist
and a con artist and a liar and
reckless and
would hurt the country, but I
would support
him, it just doesn't make sense.
And it was
a lack of courage on their part
to go there.
And Mitt Romney today said he
would not support
them. And that has to be the
case. Normally,
you support your party's
nominee, but with
somebody like Trump, if you say
all the things
you say about him, you have got
to say, no,
I will not support him. I will
go third party
or I will won't vote in the
presidential election.
So that failure of courage hurts
Trump. We
will see if a Romney-led
Republican officialdom
can launch a sustained attack on
Trump. I
have always thought that the
core attack is
not to going to go after him for
what they
have been going after him for,
which is what
voters like, that he's
politically incorrect
and sort of a change agent, but
go after him
for the fact that he's a
narcissist who thinks
about himself and has betrayed
all those around
him.
They're beginning to lay that
case. It may
be too late, but I think it's
the most effective
case they have against him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What is the case
that -- the
most damaging case, Mark? And do
you agree
with David this doesn't really
necessarily
hurt Donald Trump, what happened
last night?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, it hasn't up
to now.
At some point, it becomes
cumulative, Judy.
I think where they failed to
make the case,
first of all, Mitt Romney, who
was a -- had
to be an act of conscience on
his part to
make the statement -- there was
no political
payoff for him. It's to no real
advantage
politically or personally for
him to do it,
to make that statement.
The problem in Mitt Romney's
statement, first
of all, was that he himself
didn't acknowledge
that he had sought and accepted
gratefully
Donald Trump's endorsement in
2012. But at
the same time, his message is,
you have been
bamboozled. You're not quite
bright enough
to understand this.
What they have to do is exactly
what was done
to Mitt Romney in 2012, and that
was to show
the people or at least to
present the people
who felt that they had been hurt
by his economic
activities. Remember the company
that Bain
had taken over and then closed
the jobs, and
they asked people to build the
stage while
they announced that they were --
their jobs
were going overseas.
It has to be a personal
connection. You have
to show the people...
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean, whether
it's Trump
University or one of the
other...
(CROSSTALK)
MARK SHIELDS: Trump University
or the small
companies that have been hurt
when he went
into bankruptcy and put people
out of business,
people who lost their jobs, who
lost their
savings, and who been hurt.
You have to put a human face on
it. And they
haven't done that. And when you
just say anybody
but Trump, that's no endorsement
for any other
candidate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What about the
argument, David,
that Mitt Romney made yesterday?
He called
Donald Trump a con artist. He
used just about
every negative term one can
think of.
Is that going to make any
difference?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, you have to
believe that,
at some point, Trump voters,
like any other
voters, rely on the information
they have.
And a lot of the -- a lot us of
have -- with
Trump voters, they buy Trump's
version of
events, which is that he's a
successful businessman
and that he's made a ton of
money. But there
is another version of events,
which is Trump
Mortgage, Trump University,
Trump Steak, Trump
Airline, and the bankruptcies,
that he's not
a successful businessman.
He's a marketing genius who
offers no substance.
And people either got pushed
into subprime
loans by Trump Mortgage, or they
got suckered
into racking up huge credit card
debt to buy
courses on Trump University, and
they were
left high and dry when those
things went belly
up.
And so that's a story that I
think can be
told. In a country which is
feeling betrayed,
he is a mass and serial
betrayer. And so I
think that's the line that can
be used. But
I have to assume all voters are
information
voters, and, as they get more
information,
they could change their minds.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But if it's not
Trump, Mark,
then who is it? Which one of
these other candidates?
Ted Cruz has, what, won four
states. Marco
Rubio's won one state. I mean,
is it Mitt
Romney?
MARK SHIELDS: If you want to
know what -- how
weak the Republican field is
against Donald
Trump at this point, Bernie
Sanders has won
more states than all the other
Republicans
other than Donald Trump.
And one can talk about Bernie
Sanders has
made a marvelous insurgent
candidacy, but
they just -- they haven't been
competitive.
And John Kasich got very good
reviews last
night, which encourages him to
stay on the
stage, which is a part -- nobody
outside of
the Kasich family sees any
logical way that
John Kasich can win the
nomination, other
than by some weirdly broken
convention outside
of Erie, Ohio, at the Cleveland
convention
that John Kasich somebody
brokers.
But as long as there are the
three of them,
none of them has the strength.
Marco Rubio,
I think, is reduced in stature
as a consequence
of his going back and forth in
this sort of
junior high school locker room
language with
Donald Trump. And Cruz just
doesn't show to
have the kind of reach beyond a
certain regional
appeal.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, David,
wasn't it Mitt
Romney's recommendation that
voters support,
I think he said Rubio in
Florida, Kasich in
Ohio, Cruz in -- I mean, he's
encouraging
everyone to stay in.
DAVID BROOKS: Well,
strategically, the idea
is to get -- prevent Trump from
getting a
majority of delegates.
But, Judy, I would say this is
bigger than
just one nomination. This is
about the future
of the Republican Party and
really the future
of the country. For almost a
century-and-a-half,
the Republican Party has stood
for a certain
free market version of America,
an America
that's about openness, that's
about markets,
that's about opportunity, and a
definition
of what this country is.
Donald Trump offers a very
contrasting image.
It's an image of closedness.
It's an image
of building walls, of closing
barriers, an
authoritarian style of
leadership. And so
the Republican Party's future is
at stake.
And, you know, I think
preserving that future
in some coherent form is the
number one task
for the party. Ben Sasse, a
senator, has said
he is going to -- he is
advocating a temporary
third party, just a conservative
who could
run for president. You would
split the right-wing
vote, the conservative voted,
and you would
lose the White House, but at
least you would
preserve some integrity of the
party and maybe
preserve the Senate and the
House of Representatives,
if you can get some
conservatives to show
up for the polls.
But that's, I think, the frame
in which to
think, that it's not just about
one year.
It's about a long tradition in
American politics
which may be being replaced.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in the short
run, as David
just said, Mark, that could be
good news for
Hillary Clinton or Bernie
Sanders or whoever
is the Democratic nominee.
MARK SHIELDS: No, it could be.
But, at the same time, I don't
write off Donald
Trump by any means. If you're
one of the two
candidates on the field in...
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean if there
were three
-- if there were three
candidates?
MARK SHIELDS: No, no. I mean,
if, in fact,
he is the nominee running
against either Hillary
Clinton or Bernie Sanders, it
seems most plausibly
Hillary Clinton right now --
Hillary Clinton
has tied herself, Judy, to
President Obama.
She has run as Hillary Obama.
She has made
an appeal to African-American
voters. She
has made an appeal to the most
loyal of Democrats,
that she represents a
continuation. So, whatever
happens, whatever the October
surprise is
of 2016, and how President Obama
handles it
or doesn't handle it, her fate
is tied to
him and his performance and the
performance
of his administration over the
next eight
months.
So, you know, it's not a
lay-down hand, as
some Democrats say, oh, there's
no way Donald
Trump -- Donald Trump has
enlarged the electorate
in a way that is impressive. I
mean, yes,
he's alienated a lot of the
people David's
described. He's brought in a lot
of other
people to vote in the Republican
primary.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, David, what
about that?
There are people who have come
out to vote
in these primaries and caucuses
who weren't
engaged in the -- at least in
the last few
election cycles. Trump has
brought them out.
DAVID BROOKS: Right. They have
been displaced.
They have been displaced by the
economic crisis.
They feel they have been
displaced by immigration.
displaced by globalization
and disrespected by the
political class. And,
of course, there's some basis to
that.
It's hard to see how that wakes
up into a
natural governing majority,
though. And I
agree with Mark. If you have two
people, then
anybody could win. There could
be a terrorist
attack. There could be a
recession. Nobody
knows what could happen, and
Trump could somehow
vault into the White House.
But, given the numbers now, it's
very hard
to see he could win, given the
huge numbers
of Americans, the vast majority
of Americans
who say they could not support
the guy. And
I still find it hard to believe
that somebody
as policy-thin and as
knowledge-thin would
very well -- he might be able to
wear well
with the electorate that we have
in the Republican
primary. It's really hard to see
him wearing
well with a general election
electorate, which
is a very different thing.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, Mark,
in less than
a minute, just quickly to Bernie
Sanders and
Hillary Clinton, do you --
Bernie Sanders
is not getting out of the race.
Does he -- is he a factor at
this point?
MARK SHIELDS: Yes, he's a
factor. I mean,
he's moved -- you heard Hillary
Clinton today
in the excerpt on...
JUDY WOODRUFF: On trade.
MARK SHIELDS: On trade. He's
moved her on
trade, I mean, or at least
helped her to move,
put it that way.
On the pipeline, the Canadian
pipeline, he's
moved her on that. You know, we
had today
news, Judy, of job increases and
wages actually
going down. So we now have the
top one-tenth
of 1 percent, to qualify for
that distinct
group, you have had to have your
wages increased
500 percent since Ronald Reagan
was president.
And yet the median household
income today
is lower than it was 18 years
ago. It's just
exactly what David was talking
about. And
Bernie Sanders turned out more
people in Colorado,
where he won 60 to 40, than had
ever turned
out before. There is
encouragement for him
to keep going.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, on that
note, gentlemen,
a lot to chew over.
Mark Shields, David Brooks,
thank you both.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Loving this and
hating that.
When everyone's a critic on
social media,
what's a professional critic to
do?
Jeffrey Brown has our "NewsHour"
Bookshelf
conversation.
SAMUEL L. JACKSON, Actor:
Gentlemen, what
are you prepared to do?
JEFFREY BROWN: When the movie
"The Avengers"
came out in 2012, with a cast of
big stars,
including Samuel L. Jackson, New
York Times
film critic
A.O. Scott wrote: "The secret of
'The Avengers"
is that it is a snappy little
dialogue comedy
dressed up as something else,
that something
else being a giant ATM for
Marvel and its
new studio overlords, the Walt
Disney Company."
A.O. SCOTT, Film Critic, The New
York Times:
So, the day that review
appeared, Samuel L.
Jackson sent out a tweet saying,
"Avengers
fans, we need to find A.O. Scott
a new job,
one he can actually do."
JEFFREY BROWN: One he can
actually do?
A.O. SCOTT: One he can actually
-- yes.
And I thought, well, there is
probably isn't
any job I could -- other job I
could actually
do. And I thought, well, what is
this job
and how do you actually do it?
JEFFREY BROWN: Scott's answer
comes in the
new book "Better Living Through
Criticism:
How to Think About Art,
Pleasure, Beauty,
and Truth."
He's been reviewing films for
The Times since
2000. But his first love was
literature. He
never took a film class. And his
book goes
well beyond film, to all kinds
of art forms,
to how we see the world, how we
make judgments.
Is this where you write the
reviews?
A.O. SCOTT: Sometimes. There
have been reviews
written here.
JEFFREY BROWN: We talked about
it at Gorilla
Coffee near his home in
Brooklyn.
A.O. SCOTT: One of the things
you often hear
about critics is that we're
failed artists,
kind of taking revenge on...
JEFFREY BROWN: You couldn't make
a movie,
so you're...
A.O. SCOTT: I couldn't make a
movie. But I
would never want to make a
movie. It would
be terrible.
So, I kind of wanted to think
about, well,
but what is this? I think
criticism is something
that helps to sustain and
support creativity
and art and the appreciation of
it.
So, I wanted to kind of explain
how that works
and what the basis of it is, and
have criticism
properly understood as something
that we're
always doing that is a part of
our lives and
a part of our culture and a part
of how the
whole messy human enterprise of
figuring out
who we are and what our lives
means. It moves
forward.
JEFFREY BROWN: But in making the
case for
criticism as a kind of way of
thinking and
judging, there's an implicit,
actually explicit
critique of our culture, right,
that we don't
do that enough, right, that we
don't value
looking hard or judging.
A.O. SCOTT: Right. Yes, I mean,
that was one
of the impulses behind the book,
was to make
a case for that kind of
thinking, that kind
of discussion, that kind of
discourse, because
I think there is so much
premature certainty
and overinflated argument.
And I just also wanted to push
back against,
I think, the passivity that
sometimes befalls
us as consumers.
JEFFREY BROWN: The other thing
that you run
up against all the time is the
everyone's
a critic today, right, in the
age of social
media.
A.O. SCOTT: Right. Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: I don't have to
go to you,
obviously. I can go to a million
other places,
and I can damn well write my own
review if
I want.
A.O. SCOTT: Right, and you can.
But I think that's a good thing.
And I think
that what it means is that
critics in positions
like mine can't just sort of
assume -- can't
rest on our laurels, can't just
figure, well,
I'm in The New York Times, so
I'm going to
say what I say without
challenge.
We're going to say it, we're
going to be challenged,
and we're going to have to prove
ourselves,
or outwrite the competition day
in and day
out.
JEFFREY BROWN: We're in an age
of sequels
and reboots and packaging of
everything.
A.O. SCOTT: Yes. Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: What do -- where
do you see
the world of film nowadays?
A.O. SCOTT: It's a complicated
question, because,
you know, it's easy to complain
generally,
and it's correct to complain
about the lack
of originality, the sequels, the
endless recycling
of all these products.
But I think that there is, even
within that
system, the possibility of some
real creativity.
And I think also...
JEFFREY BROWN: You have to hope
so, right,
since you're going to be
watching a lot of
movies.
A.O. SCOTT: I do hope so.
And one of the most interesting
things and,
in a way, confusing things about
doing my
job now is that the boundaries
between what
is -- what are movies and what
is TV are less
and less clear.
So, there's a lot -- I don't
feel like there
is any shortage of really
interesting and
kind of novel stuff to watch. I
think the
challenge is finding it and
helping it, in
a way, helping those movies or
TV shows or
whatever they are, wherever they
come from,
find some kind of audience.
JEFFREY BROWN: Which is part of
the job of
the critic.
A.O. SCOTT: Yes.
And it's a very important job
now, because
we're in the state of kind of
cultural superabundance
of glut.
JEFFREY BROWN: Sort of wonderful
and horrifying
at the same time.
A.O. SCOTT: It's wonderful and
horrifying
at the same time.
It's paralyzing. And we need to
figure out
how to help ourselves and how to
help each
other kind of navigate that. And
it's also
true that no single critic in
any discipline
can kind of take it all in and
then dole it
out.
So, you -- it's sort of like you
have to find
someone, I think, who you can
trust to kind
of accompany you along that path
and sorting
through all that stuff.
JEFFREY BROWN: Find someone you
trust, and
get yourself to a screen, book
or work of
art, but, first, have another
coffee.
From Gorilla Coffee in Brooklyn,
I'm Jeffrey
Brown for the "PBS NewsHour."
JUDY WOODRUFF: You can find more
of our book
conversations on our Arts page
at PBS.org/NewsHour.
And, finally tonight, our
"NewsHour" Shares:
something that caught our eye
that might be
of interest to you, too.
Last year, 30-year-old Darius
Nabors decided
to quit his job to go on a
journey of a lifetime,
his goal, to visit all 59
national parks in
59 weeks. The trip was inspired
by his father,
a former park ranger, and is
timed to celebrate
the centennial anniversary of
the National
Park Service.
We spoke to Nabors by phone this
week as he
and his friend Trevor Kemp
visited Death Valley,
their 34th park so far.
DARIUS NABORS, Visiting Every
U.S. National
Park: My name is Darius Nabors.
And I am visiting
all 59 national parks in 59
weeks to celebrate
the 100th anniversary of the
National Park
Service.
We started our trip in Virginia,
and then
we drove to Ohio, to Cuyahoga
Valley National
Park. And then we kind of went
north through
Michigan, Minnesota, Montana,
and up to Alaska.
One of the great things that we
saw in Alaska
in Katmai National Park was the
Valley of
Ten Thousand Smokes. So, in
1912, there was
the largest volcanic eruption in
the 20th
century. And the scale was just
huge. And
we hiked onto this valley that
had 700 feet
of ash and pumice. So you went
from being
in this, like, verdant green
Alaska forest
to walking on the moon in just a
matter of
minutes.
We came to Washington and did
one of my all-time
favorite hikes, where we hiked
around Mount
Rainier on the Wonderland Trail.
While we
were there, there was also the
super blood
moon eclipse. And so one of the
nights, we
hiked back out and saw the moon
as it was
coming out of the eclipse and
kind of rising
over Mount Rainier.
And just came from Sequoia
National Park,
where they have some of the
largest trees
in the world, and the scale and
immensity
of these trees is really
indescribable. You're
standing at the base of it,
looking up, and
the tree's as tall as a football
field, and
you just can't -- you can't get
a sense of
scale because it is so tall.
And right now, we're actually in
Death Valley.
We lucked out, because once
about every 10
years, Death Valley has what's
called a superbloom.
And, so, when they have really
big rains in
the fall, the wild flowers will
bloom really
well in the spring. And so we're
going to
go and visit fields of wild
flowers in the
hottest and driest place in the
United States.
A lot of my friends ask me for
great photos
of the parks, and they ask me
what my favorite
park is or what's the coolest
experience,
and I think that's the really
special part
about it. I can't explain to
you, at least
not in words, what it's like to
see Denali,
the mountain, rise 7,000 feet
above the surrounding
mountains.
It's one of those places where a
photograph
just doesn't do it justice. And
that's the
thing with a lot of these parks,
is, we try
and capture some great
photographs, but if
you want to truly see these
parks, you have
to get out there and visit them
yourself.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Great pictures,
though.
Darius Nabors and Trevor Kemp
plan to finish
their journey at Acadia National
Park in Maine
on August 25. That's the
National Park Service's
100th birthday.
On the "NewsHour" online:
Banksy, the elusive
artist behind the million-dollar
works of
political graffiti, may have
been tagged.
A new mathematical analysis
claims to have
identified the anonymous street
artist. You
can see why they think they have
uncovered
one of the biggest mysteries in
the art world.
That's on our home page.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
And a reminder about some
upcoming programs
from our PBS colleagues.
Gwen Ifill is preparing for
"Washington Week,"
which airs later this evening.
Here's a preview:
GWEN IFILL: According to his
foes, the Republican
front-runner is a con man, a
liar, and, worst
of all, unelectable. Then, why
have all the
remaining Republican candidates
promised to
support him if becomes the
nominee? Welcome
to the world of rocks and hard
places.
We sort through the latest
amazing twists
and turns in the 2016 campaign
tonight on
"Washington Week" -- Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On tomorrow's
edition of "PBS
NewsHour Weekend," continuing
coverage of
the presidential election, as
voters in five
more states head to the polls.
And we will be back, right here,
on Monday,
as I join "The Atlantic"'s James
Fallows on
his trek across the country to
explain how
America is putting itself back
together.
That's the "NewsHour" for
tonight. I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Have a great weekend. Thank you,
and good
night.